Family run
Welcome to Wild Meadows where we love fresh and wholesome organic food!

About us
Having spent the last 20 years in the UK, we have returned to our home country to start a new movement in farming. Our approach to organic farming has exposed us to many methods that we have tried and tested to improve the health of future generations.

Organic and sustainable
Our methods ensure our produce is fresh and ready to eat. Here is how we do this:
We do not use synthetic pesticides and fertilisers
Our natural methods improve soil health, control pests and manage weeds

What we do
Learn more about our exciting products.

Fruit and Veg

Throughout the year, we grow and supply a wide range of fruit and vegetables including:
Cabbage
Collard greens
Carrots
Beets and many more…

Here at Wild Meadows, we are rooted in tradition. We also grow and supply a wide range of traditional vegetables including:
Mutsine
Mowa
Munyevhe and many more…

If you want to add some heat to your vegetables, we grow a variety of spicy chillies.

Take and complete our chilli challenge to win complementary jar of chilli sauce.

Poultry THIS IS THE CORRECT SPELLING. CHANGE SPELLING ON YOUR WEBSITE
At Wild Meadows, we raise and supply a variety of poultry including:
Road runner chicken
Ducks
Guinea fowls
Pegions and many more…

Our unique feeding process includes no antibiotics, so our poultry is free from drugs.

Honey
Wild Meadows honey comes from wild African bees which are not teamed. We follow a strict feeding process for our bees consisting of wildflower nectar producing pure honey. Our pure honey does not have any added sweeteners, flavours or preservatives.

You can purchase a jar of pure honey directly from us! Remember that pure honey will typically crystallize over time, as the natural sugars in honey tend to separate. This is natural and does not affect the quality of the honey.

Crops
We use a variety of techniques to optimize crop production and the use of inputs such as water and organic fertilisers. We sow and harvest a range of crops including:
Grains
Wheat
Beans
Lentils

If you love sadza, you will love our range of upfu. Come and try some today!
